Hello us to make a great video
A good team needs one
Video and better with the help of good team
One finds a small video usually a small video
Three to four in Team to make
People who are Camera Script Mike Shooting
Working for selection and direction of location
Team making video is a cricket or
Football works like Team
All the players in the game gestures of their captain
Or to win the team assuming it
Let's work in the same way
All members of Team making video
A captain to make a better video
Follow the order of which we
Director or director says this today
We make video in video series
About the director or director of the head of
Will talk about and know that
What are their during the process of making video
What are the major roles of Close UP
After taking long shoots, it will look good. No
No I think Close up Shot
After taking the close up shot of another also
What is there or any jerk or
No shock will come and then after that
Long Shot will take perfect
Can also take OTS and yes Dia
Even if it is a little longer
According to script
Ho and where you have to show the video
Be according to the place. Also video
The things being shown or told technical
Be correct. All after scripting
People together form a storyboard in which it is clear
It is clearly written on which dialogue
What is the angle of which shot to take
What will be script and sound in which Seen
Who will be responsible and who will handle the location
During this time the decision of the director is final.
So see script and direction I see this
Luni and Gita you are Sound's Camera
You do not take care of you, Raju
Background management is okay to take care
No noise from behind is fine
Apart from this, Reflect and Diffuser work
I will also handle it exactly yes
Camera's sound would see
Yes, everyone said the thing about the team
If you have given this way this video
I saw how a director is his team
Selections of script and shorts together
The next plays an important role in my own
In the part we will know that a director
How to a good character and Shooting Location
Thanks to the choice